# Groundtruth
We manually partition each dependency graph into communities. Specially, we first identify the processes that are created by the identical parent processes and are related to each other by checking whether they have data dependency relationship (i.e. they are linked by resource nodes). Each group of the related processes are put into a community. We then label the parent process as the master process of the community, and associate the resource nodes (i.e. file node and network node) to the found communities according to their dependencies with the process nodes.
  
To further obtain more objective ground truths, we find three independent experts in computer system field to check the community ground truth. These experts all received Ph.D. degrees of computer science, and have deep understanding of computer system behaviors. The first expert engages in the Distributed System Management and System Log Analysis for more than 20 years. The second expert engages in System Log Analysis and Cloud Platform Management for more than 15 years, The third expert engages in High Performance Interconnects and Protocols and Big Data Computing for more than 10 years. We revised our ground truth according to their verification results. More specifically, if at least two experts considers a node should belong to a different community, then we will assign the nodes to the new community. For some nodes, the experts do not reach a consensus on the node assignment. For example, only one expert thinks the node should belong to the other community, or two experts consider the node should belong to two different communities. In these cases, we will not make any change of the node.
